[4.0.0] Update choreo connect docs for auth, qsg, tracing (#6497)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide-docker-with-apim.md

    - Kubernetes based Choreo Connect deployment with [Helm artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane-helm-artifacts/) or [YAML artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane/)
    - [Production Deployment Guideline]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/production-deployment-guideline/) for Choreo Connect 

    **Production Deployments - API Manager**

    The Docker Compose files referred in this guide are to deploy API Manager with ***basic configurations***. They are the docker-compose scripts ***provided with the Choreo Connect distribution*** and are only meant for tryout purposes. In order to deploy WSO2 API Manager in production grade, you can use the following. 

    - Docker setup artifacts from the [API Manager page](https://wso2.com/api-management/)

>     - [Production Deployment Guideline]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/deployment-best-practices/production-deployment-guidelines/#common-guidelines-and-checklist) for API Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Production Deployment Guideline]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/deployment-best-practices/production-deployment-guidelines/#common-guidelines-and-checklist) for API Manager.
```

    [![Publisher portal home page]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get_started/api-publisher-home.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get_started/api-publisher-home.png)

3. Select **REST API** from the home screen and then click **Start From Scratch**.
   
    [![Design a new REST API]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get_started/design-new-rest-api.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get_started/design-new-rest-api.png)

4. Enter the following API details.

    | **Field**    | **Value**                        |
    |----------|-------------------------------------|
    | Name     | HelloWorld                     |
    | Context  | /hello                                 |
    | Version  | 1.0.6                               |
    | Endpoint | https://run.mocky.io/v2/5185415ba171ea3a00704eed |

    !!! note

>         We are using a mock service from [https://designer.mocky.io/](https://designer.mocky.io/) as the endpoint to test the API. The above endpoint returns the json payload `{"hello": "world"}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Let's use a mock service from [https://designer.mocky.io/](https://designer.mocky.io/) as the endpoint to test the API. The above endpoint returns the JSON payload `{"hello": "world"}`.
```

     
    [![Create an API]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get_started/api-create.png){: style="width:60%"}]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get_started/api-create.png)

6. Click **Create & Publish**.

    This will publish your first API on the Developer Portal as well as deploy it on Choreo Connect. You now have an OAuth 2.0 secured REST API that is ready to be consumed.

    !!! tip   

>         If you are further updating the API, remember create a new revision from the **Deployments** tab and deploy the newly created revision to the Gateway, for the changes to be reflected in Choreo Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you are further updating the API, remember to create a new revision using the **Deployments** tab and deploy the newly created revision to the Gateway, for the changes to be reflected in Choreo Connect.
```

### Step 4 - Invoke the API from Publisher

1. Open **Try Out** from the left menu bar.

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/design/create-api/test-api/publisher-testconsole-leftpane.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/design/create-api/test-api/publisher-testconsole-leftpane.png" width="20%" alt="Try out menu option in the left panel"></a>

2. In the Try Out page, you will find an Internal Key that has already been generated for you. You can click the button **Generate Key** whenever you need a new token.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/design/create-api/test-api/publisher-testconsole-generatekey.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/design/create-api/test-api/publisher-testconsole-generatekey.png" width="80%" alt="Generate key"></a>

    !!! tip

>         When invoking the API, this Internal Key authentication token will be included in the header `Internal-Key`. To learn more, click [Internal Key]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/api-authentication/internal-key-authentication/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When invoking the API, this [Internal Key]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/api-authentication/internal-key-authentication/) authentication token will be included in the header `Internal-Key`. 
```
